RSC 等の用語を公式に寄せる (#5)
mimifuwacc/rsc-boundary-marker: README.md

# RSC Boundary Marker

Visualize the `'use client'` boundary in your React codebase from the caller's side.

## Features

> - **Automatic Detection**: Automatically identifies Components with `'use client'` impoted and rendered in your React components

Author: ```suggestion
- **Automatic Detection**: Automatically identifies Components with `'use client'` imported in your React components
```
